Hi, Ruby. I’m glad you’re here.
Oh, it’s you.
I know you’re angry with me,
but I think I can change that.
Oh? How, Dan?
Well, I searched for
“fear of spiders” online.
There’s a website all about it.
They have a really good way
to help people who are afraid of spiders.
Can I show you?
Well, OK. What is it?
OK, so the idea is to look
at a spider in a very safe way.
So we start with a picture. Like this.
It's OK. It’s just a picture.
It can’t hurt you.
Now, just look at it.
OK. That’s OK. It’s just a picture.
Yeah, this is OK. I feel fine.
Excellent. Now, next step. I put
the picture of the spider in your hand.
It’s OK. It’s just a picture.
Now give me your hand.
I just lay the picture
of the spider in your hand.
There, that’s not so bad, is it?
No, you’re right. That’s not so bad.
It’s just a picture. It’s just a picture.
Good, good.
Now let’s make it move a little.
- Oh, no!
- It’s OK, Ruby. It’s just a picture.
It can’t hurt you.
Excellent! That’s really good.
It's a really great start.
Now, we do this every day
until you don’t feel afraid anymore.
Yeah! Look at me!
I think this idea works, Dan.
I have a spider in my hand,
and I’m not afraid!
This is great. Thank you, Dan!
You’re welcome.
What’s that?
Dan! I hate you. You’re such a jerk!
Oh, come on, Ruby!
Ruby, it's a joke. I'm sorry.
It's a friendly joke.
Friendly?
You are NOT my friend.
Friends are nice to each other!
Oh, come on, Ruby.
I don’t understand, Ellie.
Dan is my friend.
Why is he so mean to me?
He just did something stupid, that’s all.
To him, it was just a little joke.
Oh, maybe you’re right.
And he said sorry.
Yes, but maybe that isn’t good enough.
I have an idea for a joke
we can play on him!
A joke on Dan? What do you mean?
Well, I know something about Dan ...
- Really?!
- Yes! So maybe we ...
- What do you think?
- Oh, Ellie! That’s a great idea!
Let’s do it!
So, can you do it, Jason?
Sure. I’ll ask my science teacher,
Mr. Leonard, but I think I can do that.
- No problem, Ellie.
- Great! Thanks, Jason.
See you tomorrow.
- Hey, Dan. How’s it going?
- Hi, Ellie. Good.
You know Jason, right?
- Sure. Hi, Jason.
- Hi, Dan. What’s that?
Oh, it’s just some homework I'm doing
for my next class. What’s in the box?
This? Well, it’s a hobby of mine.
Mr. Leonard asked me to bring it in
to show the science class
this afternoon.
- Oh, cool.
- Yeah. Do you want to see?
Sure.
So, uh, Dan,
what homework is that?
Just some math.
I don’t understand it very well,
so I want to look at it again before class.
Oh, that’s nice.
Here it is.
Woah!!!
Nice one. Thanks, Jason!
That was great! See you, Dan.
Bye, Ellie.
Cool snake, huh?!
Ruby, I’m sorry. Honestly.
Thanks, Dan. It’s OK.
It is silly to be afraid of spiders.
You’re right.
And I heard about this morning.
With Jason.
- You did?
- Uh huh. So now you know what it’s like.
Yeah, I do. That’s why I’m sorry.
So, tell me what happened?
I want to know!
You tell him, Dan.
Well, a long time ago,
I told Ellie that I’m afraid of snakes.
And Ellie’s friend Jason ...
well, he loves snakes,
and he has a pet snake at home.
OK! So you ....
... asked Jason to bring his snake
to school. And when Dan saw it ...
... I got scared,
just like Ruby with the spider.
Ha! So you learned your lesson.
That everybody's afraid
of something, and it isn’t funny!
So, Tom. What are you afraid of?
Me? Nothing, really.
But now, I think I’m afraid of Ellie!